Drop python 2.7/3.5. Updated readme and test.py examples (#192)
tchellomello/python-ring-doorbell: README.rst

    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ring-doorbell

> Python Ring Door Bell is a library written in Python 3x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python Ring Door Bell is a library written in Python 3.6+
```
